Boss Rong Xie, it is indeed a problem for Sister to participate in this project
As for character, no
What a greedy and stupid woman
Organize the evidence
Invite her to tea?
Yanjing, thank you for not being angry with me because of what happened last time.
I don't want to waste my time on you
What do you mean by small eyes?
I dare not honor Miss Rong's character
Please tell me about you.
Didn't you like it?
I was too young to understand.
You will make mistakes if you are deceived by your partners.
After I marry you
You are the owner of the mall, Zhou
I'm sure I won't make such a low-level mistake again
Repeatedly used embezzled money to buy jewelry
Don't treat you as ignorant
Miss Rong, if you are not afraid that I will put things down
You can wait.
It's easy for me to say, it's really not there at all
It's all about you pretending to be a delivery person and getting close to it. I think the old man should be more interested
You said he gave you a slap
What will he reward?
You'd better not involve Xu Xu Yang in this
otherwise
I can't live without you
Then it seems that Xu is really Boss Zhou's weakness
But I'll tell you what.
I am bound to win the position of the wife of the heir to the Zhou family
Unless you don't want Xu Shi to feed